DOCSP-13961: query operators fixes (#133)
mongodb/docs-node: source/fundamentals/crud/query-document.txt

Overview
~~~~~~~~

Most CRUD operations allow you to narrow the set of matched documents by
specifying matching criteria in a **query document**. Query documents contain

> one or more expressions that apply to specific fields which  determine which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
one or more query operators that apply to specific fields which  determine which
```

> one or more field-level expressions that determine which documents to include

Author: Ok, I removed the term which came from the original text of this doc. Let me know if it looks ok or whether you have a different recommendation.
